c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\JTTT.exe.config
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\JTTT.exe
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\JTTT.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\obj\Debug\JTTT.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\obj\Debug\JTTT.Form1.resources
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\obj\Debug\JTTT.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\obj\Debug\JTTT.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\obj\Debug\JTTT.exe
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\obj\Debug\JTTT.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.CssSelectors.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\OpaqueMail.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.CssSelectors.pdb
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\obj\Debug\JTTT.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Marcin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JTTT\JTTT\obj\Debug\JTTT.Form3.resources
